Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
In this occasion...
I plan to continue with the second part of the Guessing Game!
Starting from now, I'll do an imitation of something...
So then try to guess what it is, yes?
Man...
Now that you synchronize your thoughts with mine...
You can guess it, right?
In that case, let's start at once!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa, JAN!
Ah, I see..
Won't this be really easy?
Those that can't guess it...
Can only eat white rice!
In that case, I'll start Ai-chan's guess!
Ah!
Aa-aah!
Hey you, don't forget the Karashi mustard!
The Karashi mustard!
Rrghn..
You didn't mix it enough!
You need to blow harder!
If you don't mix it better, it won't be viscous enough!
I'm dizzy..
No! Mix it!
Aaaah!
You plan to flip me?
Isn't that too soon?
That burns!
You need to wait until I cool down a bit more!
That's all!
It's over!
*out of breath* Ghan, ghan, ghan...
Man, everyone...
After all the effort I did to move my body that way...
You guessed it, right?
In that case, the time for thinking starts!
Gueeeesss... Guess...
Gueeeessss...
It's over!
Ghan, ghan, ghaaaan!
Thinking about this song was very difficult!
In this case, the correct answer is...
Natto!
(Fermented soybeans)
This was really easy...
After all I talked about Karashi mustard...
the viscosity...
And of mixing it...
I gave you a lot of clues, right?
Of course you've been able to guess, right?
In that case, let's continue with the next one!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa, JAN!
Oooh!
I see..
This is... well...
Good, good, good!
I can do it!
Watch closely!
Ai-chan's guess begins!
The form is something like this..
Good, come here!
I can receive any kind of ball!
Oooh!
Ah, please, make sure you get it in here...
Get it down here!
Don't hit me anywhere else!
That hurts! That hurts!
Oh! Good job!
Goooal!
Oh! Yaaaaay!
Good job, today was a great match..
Good, that is all!
Ghan, ghan, ghaaaaan!
Of course you've been able to guess, right?
In that case, let's start thinking time!
♪ Guesses ♪
♪ Hm, hm, hmm ♪
It's over!
The correct answer is...!
A soccer goal!
There was definitely no other choice once I told you what the shape was, right?
You were able to guess, right?
Perhaps you weren't able to guess?
You're a big dummy!
Good, let's continue with the next one!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa, JAN!
Oooh!
How specific..
This is something...
I think if you don't have an IQ of more than 250, you won't be able to guess
This means that if you can guess it!
It's because you have an IQ of 250!
In this case, Ai-chan's guess will begin!
Why they are all being used and no one uses me?
I'm..
Right here!
Over here!
Ah, over there...
It's not over there, it's over here
Hey, hey, hey...
Let's go
My color is pleasing to the eye
I'm the color of nature!
Hey, hey, hey!
Use me too!
Look at all that's left of ink!
Only I have the full tank
You haven't used me once
Hello?
Ah! You think of throwing it while I'm here?
I'm still here!
Do you plan to sleep?
Hey you!
I'll curse you!
I'll make sure to curse you!
That's all!
Were you able to guess?
In that case, let's start with thinking time!
♪ Gue, gue, gue, gue, gue, gueee ♪
♪ Gue, gue ♪
♪ Guessiiing ♪
It's over!
Were you able to guess?
The correct answer is...!
A green pen from a pen canister of 4 colors!
Do you guys use the color green?
It's the same color...
As my eyes..
Make sure to use it!
Well, man...
You know, I know it can be transmitted this way but..
I know everyone loves me, right?
And that's why you've synchronized your thoughts with mine, right?
In this case...
Well, you know...
Those who haven't been able to guess, be sure to synchronize with me, yes?
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai! See you later!
Translated by Vortex